allow repulling of missed evm transactions (#9638)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :feature:`9592` Users can now force refetch EVM transactions for specific time periods to recover missed transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :feature:`9592` Users can now force a query of EVM transactions for specific time periods to recover missed transactions.
```
